hi everyone Sal I'm back today with my
foundation routine and some really gross
before-and-after picture yourself you
want to see this look then just keep
watching I always like to start out my
foundation routine with a good
moisturizer and I found this one lately
and I really like it it's from Nivea so
I like to apply that all over my face
and it's just gonna help my foundation
to stick and keep my face and moisturize
all day long the next thing I like to do
is apply foundation under I go through
different foundations it depends what
mood I'm in today I am using the select
SPF 15 in NC 20 and I just applied that
to my cheeks with a patting motion first
and then I start to blend it out and I
use the Sigma brush I absolutely love
these type of brushes they give amazing
coverage and I blend it all over my
cheeks into my hairline to my jawline
and over my ears the next thing I do is
conceal my under eye circles so I use
this concealer from collection 2000 and
can you see how full coverage that is
it's amazing so I just apply it under my
eyes like so and then take a finger and
blend it out and I blend it all under my
eyes into the dark corner of my eye over
my lid and down my nose
the next thing I'm gonna do is set my
powder I set my foundation sorry and I
like to take this one from Napoleon I'm
using the sponge that's provided
it gives extra coverage which is amazing
so I just pop that under my eyes onto my
cheeks and all them areas where I'm just
shy knee and then just to ensure that I
have a stash foundation I'm just going
to take my trophy brush and blend a
little bit more powder down the center
of my face and around my cheeks and then
to finish off this foundation routine I
just take some of my lip balm and apply
that to my lips to keep them moisturized
and that is my finished foundation
routine oh so here's a face I prepared
earlier and the tutorial will be up
really soon so don't forget to subscribe
so you don't miss that with this
tutorial thanks for watching and I'll
talk to you soon bye